---
title: Privacy Policy
---
| Effective date: December 05, 2019 |
| --------------------------------- |

## Introduction

Softorage ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://softorage.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service", "website", "site").

Your privacy is important to us. We believe it is important for you to know how we treat the information we receive from you, on the Internet. This privacy statement explains what personal data we collect from you, through our interactions with you on this website, and how we use that data.

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://softorage.com

This Privacy Terms apply to the main website softorage.com as well as in the sub-domains (sometimes called “microsites”). Please note that these websites may include links to websites of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Softorage. If you provide personal data to any of those websites your data is governed by their privacy statements.

### Definitions

* Service: Service is the https://softorage.com website operated by Softorage
* Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
* Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* Cookies: Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

## Scope and Usage of Data

### Personal information you give to us

Softorage collects data to operate this website. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you submit Investor Subscription form, Internship Application form, Research Application form, Contact us form, download gated assets form and microsite form. Typically, the contact information we collect is used by us to respond to your enquiry, or allow you to access specific account information. We may execute other activities such as marketing campaign, promotional communications for which consent is taken appropriately or another appropriate lawful basis for the processing is identified.

In general, you can visit Softorage on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are. Our web servers or affiliates who provide analytics and performance enhancement services collect IP address, operating system details, browsing details, device details and language settings. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar information. Softorage uses this information to measure the site usage, improve content and to ensure safety and security as well enhance performance of the website.

You can make choices about our collection and use of your data. For example, you may want to access, edit or remove the personal information in your Softorage website or microsite account, change your password, or close your account. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Softorage, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The data we collect can include the following:
* Name and contact data: We collect first and last name, email address, postal address, country, employer, phone number and other similar contact data
* Credentials: We collect passwords used for authentication and account access, where this function is available.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
* Cookies and Usage Data

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:
* Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
* Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
* Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

## Purpose of Data Uses

Softorage uses the data we collect for 2 main purposes, described in more detail below: to operate our business and this website; and to send communications, including promotional communications.
* Security and Safety: We use data to protect the security and safety of our website.
* Communications: We use data we collect to communicate with you and personalize our communications with you. Additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Softorage by email, SMS, post and telephone or other means of communication. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions and promotional communications, please submit a request to us using our email: contact@softorage.com.

Softorage also uses the collected data for various purposes:
* To provide and maintain the Service
* To notify you about changes to our Service
* To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
* To provide customer care and support
* To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
* To monitor the usage of the Service
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues

## Sharing of data

We share personal data among Softorage-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions.

We usually do not share other personal data collected from the websites with other third parties. However, this may happen if:
1. You request or authorize us to do so;
2. We need to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process
3. We need to operate and also maintain the security of this website, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;

Softorage may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
* To comply with a legal obligation
* To protect and defend the rights or property of Softorage
* To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
* To protect against legal liability

## Cookies

### What are cookies

Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.

Softorage uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies to provide our websites and to help collect data. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well.

Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.

### How Softorage uses cookies

When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service. 

Softorage uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes to enable certain functions of the Service, which may include:
* We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
* Storing your Preferences and Settings - Settings that enable our website to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time may be stored on your device.
* Sign-in and Authentication - When you sign into our website using your credentials, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
* Security - We use cookies to detect fraud and abuse of our websites and services.
* Social Media - Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are logged in to the social media service to share content via that service.
* Analytics - In order to provide our website efficiently, we use cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our website. This includes cookies from Softorage and from third-party analytics providers.
* Performance - Softorage uses cookies for load balancing to ensure that websites remain up and running.

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

In addition to the cookies Softorage sets when you visit our websites, third parties may also set cookies when you visit Softorage sites. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third party to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics. In particular, we use cookies from Google Analytics ([read Google’s privacy policy](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)) for website analytics and metrics, Disqus ([read Disqus’ privacy policy](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy)) to enable comments to our blog posts; if you want to know more about these services use cookies and personal data, please refer to the privacy notices directly on each third party’s website.

Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the main reasons we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site may set some or all of the following cookies:

| Cookie Name | Description | Cookie Category | Expiry |
|-------------|-------------|-----------------|--------|
| _ga | It is used for visitor tracking. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. | Third Party Performance (Google Analytics) | Persistent (2 years) |
| _gid | This cookie is used to store “Session ID” and to group the entire session’s activity together for each user. | Third Party Performance (Google Analytics) | Session |
| _gat | This cookie is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. | Third Party Performance (Google Analytics) | Session |

### What are your choices regarding cookies (How to Control Cookies)

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, certain browser allow to block or delete cookies by clicking Settings > Privacy > Cookies. To find information about specific browsers, please visit the browser developer’s website.

Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.

If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. 

* For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
* For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
* For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
* For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
* For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.

## Your Communications Preferences

If you receive promotional email from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in those emails. You can also opt out of email subscriptions and choose whether to share your contact information with Softorage.

## ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­How to Contact Us

If you have a privacy concern, complaint or a question regarding this privacy statement, please direct it to the Chief Privacy Officer of Softorage at contact@softorage.com.

## European Data Protection Rights - GDPR

When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the website you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Softorage as described in this privacy statement.

Below, you will find additional privacy information that you may find important. Softorage adheres to applicable data protection laws in the European Economic Area, which if applicable includes the following rights:
* If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time for future processing;
* You have a right to request from us, a “data controller” as defined in the law, access to and rectification of your personal data;
* You have a right to request from us that your personal data are erased, subject to certain exceptions;
* You have a right to object to the processing of your personal data; and
* You have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority.

## Security of Personal Data

Softorage is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Where We Store and Process Personal Data

Personal data collected by Softorage may be stored and processed in your region, in India, and in any other country where Softorage or its affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers operate facilities. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this privacy statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.

We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections travel with your data.

### Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to India and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Softorage will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Our Retention of Personal Data

Softorage retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the access to and use of the website, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types and purposes, actual retention periods can vary significantly.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to This Privacy Statement

We may update this privacy statement from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Softorage is protecting your information. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
* By email: contact@softorage.com
